My wife is indeed the manager of this factory
Yiqiu, why do you still have the face to come to our factory?
This is my wife's textile factory.
Why don't I go to your wife's factory?
Are you afraid you are dreaming crazy?
Would you like to hear what you are saying?
It's a factory thing
You go back first, I can solve it myself, don't worry.
I can help you solve it.
How can you help me solve it?
Could it be that I can really be the factory manager?
Jiang Yan, you are a little self-aware
Not like your husband.
I started dreaming in broad daylight
I want to fire my wife
I think it's you who dream in broad daylight
Brat, this is a textile factory
Not your gaming table
Get out of here
Manager, don't let them go so easily
Didn't Master Jiao say it?
His husband made money
I want Jiang Yan to give the 200 yuan fine to me
Let them go
Why isn't it my problem?
I won't pay this money.
You don't pay
Can't take it out?
This bad gambler
He must have lost all the money he won
Frog in the Well
How much did I earn?
You can't imagine
Ten bets and nine losses
Just your anger
I guess there are no lost panties left
Give you a chance
Kneel and kowtow now
Apologize to Manager Bai
Hmph, maybe?
Manager Bai can spare you
We also give you a chance.
Now kneel down and apologize to my wife immediately
Maybe he can not fire you